# iPhonify

iPhonify is a class library that provides an inheritable form which matches the expected appearance and behavior of C# Windows forms in Development Portfolio 3 (DVP3).  Namely, these forms must have dimensions of 687 x 1351 pixels with an iPhone image equalling the same dimensions set as the background.  Also, these forms must have fixed dimensions such that they cannot be resized.
	
iPhonify provides these requirements and goes a few steps further.  First, it improves on the scaling function provided in the DVP3 resources.  It accomodates smaller screen resolutions than the Retina display of the standard issue MacBook Pros.  If the form's height exceeds the screen's, the form is scaled down to a percentage of the screen's height, defaulting at 75%.  (This is an improvement upon an earlier version of this scaling behavior in Exercise 2 that scales the form down to a percentage of itself, which could potentially still let the form exceed the screen's boundaries.). Second, it uses a more detailed variant of the provided iPhone image with a Magenta/Fuschia transparency key, allowing the form to _really_ look like an iPhone with the border set to none.  Third, it adds functionality that allows the form to me moved by clicking and dragging anywhere in the form's content area not occupied by another control.
	
One caveat is that when a form inherits from iPhonify.iPhone on such a display in _design_ mode, Visual Studio automatically scales the form down in the designer.  In these cases, the developer needs to manually readjust the form's dimensions back to it's original size.  Otherwise, when displayed on a higher resolution monitor later, the form will appear much smaller than otherwise.
